Things you get for free on campus
Student Opportunity
So, with this snow day, I figured I'd make a massive list of free resources on campus because there's a TON of stuff that's actually super highly worth it, for free, that most students don't know about.


1: Events. Follow SUAAB, the main UTD page, the student union, student wellness center (healthycomets), the rec center page and utd auxiliary services on Instagram (or a selection) - they post and repost tons of events happening on and around campus.

2: UTD counseling center - you can have free 15 minute check-in sessions, and up to 6 free full therapy sessions per semester. They also have tons of free groups - social connection, relationships, getting unstuck, grief processing, mindfulness, etc. etc. Also plugging the center for students in recovery. There is help for you, no matter whatever you're going through.

3: UTD has legal services! Student Government* legal.utdallas.edu offers free lawyer consultations. (Edit: thought it was office of legal affairs, it's SG. More info in comments)

4: You can speak to a registered dietician! Check here. There's a huge difference between a dietician (Someone with a degree in food+diet) and a nutritionist (anyone). It's the difference between going to the dentist or to the tootholigist. If you're looking to gain/loose weight or want strategies for eating better...

5: UREC Excursions. Everyone knows UREC offers free fitness classes. (If you didn't, UREC offers free fitness classes! Stuff like kickboxing, spin, zumba, etc.) But, did you know they have excursions? If you look here, they're going camping, ziplining, to the dallas zoo (if they ever find the person stealing animals). You can also rent tents, slack lines, etc. etc.

6: Via comet cents, there's tons of resources on budgeting, plus you can schedule a 1:1 to talk about money management!

7: Academic success coaching from the student success center. As a former PA, one of the biggest mistakes I see people make is not being an advocate for their own education. You can do all sorts of things - going to office hours, PLTL/tutoring, but one I want to highlight is Academic success coaching. If your stress is "how do I manage this much work" not "this content is going over my head" ASC is built around you getting a planner system in place and setting clear goals for you.

8: Handshake! Especially for JSOM majors, that's where you get jobs. Also the whole JSOM CMC - literally, every major should use the JSOM resume template. It looks better than the one you did in ECS 1100. There's all sorts of resources on resumes, cover letters, career fairs, etc. etc. If you're job hunting, look through their stuff and their Microsoft streams backlog.

9: The fabrication shop! Do some online and in person training, and get access to a free array of tools including saws, griders, hammers, etc. etc. - fantastic for any DIY.

10: UREC offers CPR, first aid, and Swim Lessons. If you don't know how to swim, do CPR, or do first aid, you should take these courses. They're actual life skills. <- edit. None of these courses are free. Occasionally UEMR will have some free training for CPR on campus, but it's not a full course/certification. Leaving this up because you should still do it.

11: The library offers free WSJ, NYT, and LinkedIn Learning access. Tons of good free stuff on there. And with the Libby app, tons of free audiobooks as well. There's also tons of free databases available if you want the information companies pay literally thousands a year for.

12: Speaking of free information, the UTD investing lab (across the atrium from Tradecraft coffee) has free access to like bloomberg, morningstar, etc. which is dope if you want to get into investing.

13: Cheap tickets to mavericks games, dallas symphony orchestra, etc. etc. Look here. All sorts of notary services, passport photos, etc. etc.

[edit: Few other freebies in comments]

18: Via the atlas service portal (https://atlas.utdallas.edu/TDClient/30/Portal/KB/?CategoryID=135), you can host your own personal webpage through UTD! Requires you to know how to code a website, but super cool!

19: Yeah the library offers books (would reccomend)! But you can also check out tons of other stuff - movies, laptops, mice, voice recorders, cameras (inc. DSLR), etc. etc.! Full list here: https://library.utdallas.edu/services/media/

Rating All the UTD Food Trucks
As a graduating senior, I am very thankful to UTD and its community. Here's me giving back.

These are just my opinions, but perhaps it will be helpful for people who don't eat at the food trucks much.

Bobaddiction - 9/10

Honestly some of the best boba I've had. The drinks are a little on the sweeter side but an amazing truck.

I recommend - Taro Milk Tea

Chile Pepper Grill - 7/10

Solid street tacos and burritos. Not too expensive compared to the other trucks if you get the plain tacos.

I recommend - Steak and Chicken tacos

Easy Slider - 8/10

AMAZING burgers, but fuck is it expensive. Would be 10/10 if not for the price.

I recommend - Literally any of the burgers are amazing

Eggstand - 5/10

Heart attack in a truck. Decent food but its honestly just way too much shit piled on a bun.

I recommend - The breakfast one

FnF Express - 9/10

Great value for the price. If you eat a lot, this is the truck for you. I've never finished a bowl because they give you a lot. Pretty great food too.

I recommend - Wow Bowl

Guava Tree - 6/10

Only had this once tbh. Pretty solid, just seems like there are always more interesting trucks

I recommend - N/A

Kona Ice - 6/10

Its just a regular snow cone place. Good snow cones though.

I recommend - N/A

Nosh Box Eatery - 6/10

Super hipstery food. It's all pretty good but once again just not enough bang for your buck in my opinion.

I recommend - Their menu seems to change out often so I'm not sure

Not just Q - 3/10

Its decent barbecue but every time I've had it I've felt sick for hours after. Get at your own risk.

I recommend - Anything with their sausage

Ruthie's - 8/10

They make fancy grilled cheeses. What more is there to say? Fucking delicious and they're always super nice.

I recommend - The Ham and I

Chez Flo Sandwiches - 5/10

This truck is pretty hit or miss. They have a rotating menu and I've had some stellar sandwiches and some trash ones.

I recommend - Whatever sounds most american is usually a safe bet.

Sir Franks - 2/10

Hot Garbage. I'd rather eat a hot dog from a baseball game than anything from here. Its overpriced and just not that good.

I recommend -N/A

Tacos Bites and Beats - 8/10

Great street tacos and exceptional elote. Best place to get a lil snack (of elote)

I recommend - ELOTE

Yim Yam - 7/10

Solid truck. Not the most interesting but the food is damn good.

I recommend - Any rice bowl

Yummy Spiedes - 6/10

If you love greasy New York food you'll love this place. Pretty tasty and a wide variety of options, I just feel like I leak oil after I eat there.

I recommend - Pepperoni Pizza

7 Sisters - 4/10

I really love the lady that always works here. She's super sweet and you get a free drink when you order. Only problem is the food is not that good or interesting. The side of the truck claims they have fresh Italian food but its really just boring American stuff.

I recommend - Giving the owner a hug



What Meal Plan You Should Get
TL;DR: Probably the Comet 14.

Note: if you're not living on campus, the consensus is that a meal plan is not worth the price unless you value the convenience of not having to cook at any cost.

If you are living on campus, get the meal plan that fits your lifestyle. If you are living in University Commons (the residence halls), you can check out the kitchen in the lobby.

If you are prone to forgetting to eat, having a meal plan may motivate you to regularly go to the dining hall to eat if you work it in your schedule. It's much more convenient to eat when it's literally served on a plate for you.

During the first few weeks, the food in the dining hall will be moderately appetizing, arguably delicious. However, after Census Day (and the deadline to change meal plans), you will notice a decline in food taste. Many students (or, more often, their parents) got a Comet 19 meal plan. If you can commit to eating three meals a day during weekdays and two meals a day during weekends, this may be a good way to bulk up (assuming you're working out). However, students on r/utdallas generally agree that the Comet 14 or Comet 10 is enough.

If you are motivated enough to cook many of your meals during the week, the Comet 10 is a solid choice. However, if you (or your parents) are comfortable spending money on the Comet 14, just get it, especially if you think you'll be busy studying or not want to lose weight freshman year.

