What Meal Plan You Should Get
TL;DR: Probably the Comet 14.

Note: if you're not living on campus, the consensus is that a meal plan is not worth the price unless you value the convenience of not having to cook at any cost.

If you are living on campus, get the meal plan that fits your lifestyle. If you are living in University Commons (the residence halls), you can check out the kitchen in the lobby.

If you are prone to forgetting to eat, having a meal plan may motivate you to regularly go to the dining hall to eat if you work it in your schedule. It's much more convenient to eat when it's literally served on a plate for you.

During the first few weeks, the food in the dining hall will be moderately appetizing, arguably delicious. However, after Census Day (and the deadline to change meal plans), you will notice a decline in food taste. Many students (or, more often, their parents) got a Comet 19 meal plan. If you can commit to eating three meals a day during weekdays and two meals a day during weekends, this may be a good way to bulk up (assuming you're working out). However, students on r/utdallas generally agree that the Comet 14 or Comet 10 is enough.

If you are motivated enough to cook many of your meals during the week, the Comet 10 is a solid choice. However, if you (or your parents) are comfortable spending money on the Comet 14, just get it, especially if you think you'll be busy studying or not want to lose weight freshman year.


As many of you know, meal plans are mandatory for freshmen living in the dorms despite that the food isn't that great. From an economic standpoint, I don't think this should be required, because the burden should be on Dining Hall West to provide quality food service and market it to students. Not to mention it has the monopolistic effect of removing choices from freshmen who may prefer to not have a dining plan and eat elsewhere. Mandatory meal plans would be more acceptable if our food services were like at UNT, as they have multiple dining halls, unlimited meals, and don't contract with a food service provider like we do. What do you think about this? Do you think meal plans for freshmen dorm dwellers should continue to be required?

Yes. I think half price on fridays if you're wearing UTD apparel.

2024 Summer Pricing (prices do not include tax)

Monday-Friday Breakfast: $9.65, Lunch: $11.77, Dinner: $13.26

Saturday & Sunday Brunch $13.26