Northside Drafthouse & Eatery is a lively American pub offering a wide selection of draft beers and specialty cocktails. Located just a 4-minute walk from UTD, it's known as the university's first college bar. The menu features classic pub grub, and the venue offers billiards, darts, and TV sports for entertainment. While some patrons enjoyed the food and friendly staff, others noted minor issues with certain dishes but praised the impressive beer selection and generous portion sizes.

I stopped in for a visit but the atmosphere seemed friendly. The food (someone was eating pizza) looked great. Im not a pizza fan but it made me hungry. And De was really fast and friendly
4/5Adam B
Apr 18, 2025 from
Google

Great selection of beer and the pizza and wings are fantastic. Appetizer to try are the fried cheese curds. They make a great BLT too.
4/5Kaitlyn F
Aug 23, 2025 from
Google

Would give 5 stars but they let people smoke outside which really ruins the atmosphere. They also allow dogs, so it's nice to be able to bring our Beagle with us, but it'd be better without all the cigarette smoke floating around. Food is awesome.
5/5Justin I
Aug 22, 2025 from
Google

I’m rating this within the context of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex-Dystopia, and within the context of what this pub seeks to be. There’s better food and better drink in this world but this place is a solid spot in Plano. Decent atmosphere, sometimes there’s karaoke and you have to flee for your life but that’s how it goes. There’s lots of beers but most of them are horrible TX breweries, but then it is in Pano

See more
4/5Jacob G
May 6, 2022 from
Google

Decent food, i can appreciate the fried mushrooms not being mushy. The elote dip was a bit too mayo-y, not enough corn. Beer menu was solid but it was a bit annoying the website list didn't match what they had up there. Pizza was tasty, however floppy as hell. If you guys can find a way for the bottom crust to match the crispyness of the edges it would be solid. This was for the omnivore so maybe the veggies i dunno. Staff was very friendly. Thanks guys.

See more