Nope would not recommend! Everything is overpriced and tastes horrible. Save yourself and just cook at home or order doordash.

There are currently five "restaurants" in the SU: The Pub (extremely overpriced), Panda Express (gave me food poisoning), the pizza place that no one really eats at, Moe's Southwest (overpriced), and Chick-Fil-A. The service varies from each place, but overall there are always long lines for half-decent food. If you have the option to eat off campus, I would recommend literally any other place than the dining hall here.

A friend of mine described this place as "not good, not bad."

The food area design is clean and beautiful. There is a moderate selection of food here. There are many fresh and grilled vegetables available as well as a selection of leafy salads of good quality. The soda fountains are great, coffee is good. There were two fruit infused waters available: apple lime and orange. They were nice and refreshing.

The thin crust pizza is reminiscent of a flour tortilla crust--not crispy at all, very moist.

The Salisbury steak was very light in color to be beef and had the appearance of frozen. I hope it didn't have soy in it.

The hot dogs were very standard inexpensive ones. The chili was very soupy and not meaty. The French onion soup was okay but one of my friends commented there were suds on the surface.

The dining wear is plastic and one must take the dirty plates to a conveyor system outside.

The food is barely okay at or below average for $9.80 but you can spend time with your friends and eat. The price includes drinks.

Wear UTD pride colors (green or orange) and pay $5 on Friday "Spirit days."

Used to better now than it was 3 years ago - trust me. Now, there are more eating options since it includes Panda Express, Moe's, a pizza place, and chick fil a.
The eating options just at the dining hall are still not that great though.
There's also the comet cafe and outtakes at the SU close by.


10/10 yummy. Panda express, Chick-fil-a, and smashes potatoes.
As a freshman living in the dorms, I was required to also purchase a meal plan. I purchased the smallest meal plan possible (10 meal swipes per week). I would venture I barely went 5 times a week and it was very expensive. The food is just okay. Sometimes you'll run into something you really don't like. The drink machines, frozen yogurt machine, desert bar, utensils etc are usually out of something. The staff help themselves to the food (which is fine) but it really bothered me to see a staff member standing at the bucket of mixed fruit picking individual grapes out and leaving all of the cheap melon behind. I was glad when freshman year was over so I never had to eat there again. I give it one star because they try to be conscientious of students with special food requirements (like vegetarian and gluten free).


$11.95 for one Student meal! Super expensive!
Limited options. Vending Machine sometimes overcharge twice the price. Orange juice tastes like a gallon of water mixed with a squirt of a single carpel of orange.

The ketchup and sauce and mayo etc are always almost empty.
The pizza slices are awfully thin and taste like they have been battered with a thick paste of turmeric.

The veggie patties are sponges of greasy oil.


A nice selection of fruits is the only good thing here.


Lackluster. Nothing's necessarily terrible (except the pizza) but it's all just very bland. Not worth 10$ to get in, but if I'm low on cash one week I can just hang around for a few hours and get two meals out of it. They have trouble keeping up with demand fairly quickly during the lunch and dinner rush and the lines can get pretty absurd, so I'd suggest going at a less crowded time of day if you dont want to wait.

